Move through the first room
Note the locked door ahead and head right

Pick up the key near the second pyramid tower peak
Before you leave note the block "B" at the top of the room

Head back to the left to and use the key youve got to remove the lock
at the top of the room, then move through the door

Congrats! You've located the laser gun! But it looks like you'll
need another key to unlock this next lock so head back down.

Head left, note the lock and key in this room but they're behind blocks.
Head up and grab the key in the smiley's eye. Then head back down.

Move to the right and then up, and pick up the laser gun! Try firing
with the <f> key. Head down.

Before heading to the left, instead head to the right back to the pyramid room.
Remember the block at the top? Head up and fire a laser at it, then head
through the newly unlocked room.

There's a message written on the floor, hinting that the third @ from the left
of an upcoming room is important! Thanks room!

Head down then to the left and again to the left. Fire lasers at the two blocks
to free the lock and key, unite them and move down.

Note the hint and fire a laser off at the target '@'. It will open up a door
on the left which you should head through.

Next room you'll find a room full of targets. Remember what the hint said?
Count three targets from the left on the bottom and fire a laser, a door will
then open up at the top of the room

The next room has a target guarded by a fence. A litle experimentation shows
finds that you can fire lasers through it. Hit the target and continue up.

This room is the first introduciton to angle reflectors. Fire a missle through
the fence to hit the first angle reflector. The laser will take care of the
rest. Head up after hitting the target.

The next room has more angle reflectors in it. Fire off a laser to bounce off
the three angles to finally land the hit on the target embedded in the wall. This
will open up a hole in the wall to fire through. Fire off 2 lasers off the angle
reflector through the hole in the wall, the first to remove the block, the
second to hit the second target. This will open up a door on the right.

This room is the first introduction to buttons *. A button will do something when
you walk onto it (or walk off of it). Fire off a laser to the angle reflector
on the bottom right. As th laser travels on its journey, as soon as it hits its
thir angle, run down to the button and hop on. THis will drop another angle
reflector in at a key position to send your traveling laser down into the target.
Then head through the newly opened door on the right.

This room is going to be tricky. Head up to the very top of the alleyway at the
top of the room. Fire off a laser to the left and run as fast as you can to the
button on the bottom right of the screen. This button will remove the X from your
traveling lasers path, hitting the target so you can continue to the next room.

This next room has a hint on the floor. Nothing special here.. head down.

Now you're back in the hint room from the beginning of the game! However as a
seasoned dungeion exporer you know that targets are the bread and butter
of moving through rooms. Fire off a laser at the target in the room
to open a secret door on the right.

The last room! The crown is displayed in the middle. Pick it up and head through
the door at the top of the room.

Congrats! You've won!

